<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<!-- Mirrored from community.aegirproject.org/scrums/weekly-scrum-irc-log-2011-06-07?print&book_recurse by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Wed, 29 Jul 2015 15:35:53 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=utf-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="prev" href="../weekly-scrum-irc-log-2011-05-31/index.html" />
<link rel="up" href="../../content/scrums/archive-2011/index.html" />
<link rel="next" href="../weekly-scrum-irc-log-2011-06-21/index.html" />
<link rel="canonical" href="index.html" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../sites/community.aegirproject.org/themes/up/favicon/index.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="print" href="../../sites/community.aegirproject.org/files/css/css_5fa73dc3677977c016a597acd186e4e7/index.css" />
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="../../sites/community.aegirproject.org/files/css/css_5fa73dc3677977c016a597acd186e4e7/index.css" />

  <title>Weekly Scrum IRC Log: 2011-06-07 | community.aegirproject.org</title>
</head>

<body  class="print rubik admin-static page">
  <div class='limiter clear-block'>
    <div id='content' class='clear-block'>
      <div class='print-header'>
      <h1 class='site-name'>community.aegirproject.org</h1>
  </div>
      

<div  id="node-669" class="node node-book clear-block node-page">
  
      <h2 class='node-title'>
            <a href="index.html">Weekly Scrum IRC Log: 2011-06-07</a>
    </h2>
  
      <div class='node-content clear-block prose'>
      <div id='diff-inline-669'><p><div class="codeblock"><code>[15:00]&nbsp; * anarcat SCRUM TIME!<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; welcome everybody<br />[15:00] &lt;+sfyn&gt; hello<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; so this is our weekly scrum<br />[15:00] &lt;j0nathan&gt; halo<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; and i&#039;ll be your host, jolly-o-anarcat<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; this week<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; i want to release 1.2<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; i know i said that last week<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; but i failed<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; so i&#039;ll try again :)<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; if you guys have patches to review or commit, now is a good time<br />[15:00] &lt;@anarcat&gt; i&#039;ll do a sprint tomorrow and try to release thursday<br />[15:01] &lt;@anarcat&gt; also<br />[15:01] &lt;@anarcat&gt; koumbit wants to blog about &quot;cool things done with aegir&quot; - we have a few on our end<br />[15:01] &lt;@anarcat&gt; but if you guys have good examples, bring it!<br />[15:01] &lt;@anarcat&gt; you can send sample sites or blurbs or text or whatever to me on irc here or by email at anarcat@koumbit.org<br />[15:01] &lt;@anarcat&gt; what else what else<br />[15:02] &lt;@anarcat&gt; i think that&#039;s it for me, other than the fact that i&#039;m probably supposed to harrass our gsoc student here<br />[15:02] &lt;@anarcat&gt; sethvincent: prod!<br />[15:02] &lt;+sethvincent&gt; hello!<br />[15:02] &lt;@anarcat&gt; <em>prod</em> <em>prod</em> :)<br />[15:02] == dunkoh [~dunkoh@MW-ESR1-72-49-37-45.fuse.net] has joined #aegir<br />[15:02] &lt;@anarcat&gt; hey seth, how&#039;s it going<br />[15:02] &lt;@anarcat&gt; can you give us a little progress update?<br />[15:02] &lt;+sethvincent&gt; sorry. classes here have just finished, so i&#039;ll be more active starting this week.<br />[15:03] &lt;+sfyn&gt; yay<br />[15:03] &lt;@anarcat&gt; yay! :)<br />[15:03] &lt;+sfyn&gt; !<br />[15:03] &lt;+sethvincent&gt; i&#039;ve been working on porting eldir first.<br />[15:03] &lt;+sethvincent&gt; made a few initial commits of that work<br />[15:03] &lt;+sethvincent&gt; applied the &#039;turn features into features&#039; patch and have been looking through the changes that introduces<br />[15:04] &lt;+sethvincent&gt; and that&#039;s about it<br />[15:04] &lt;@anarcat&gt; okay, those commits don&#039;t seem to be pushed on drupal.org, please do so when you can!<br />[15:04] &lt;@univate&gt; I am willing to help out with some of that &quot;features&quot; stuff if you need it<br />[15:04] &lt;@anarcat&gt; good work<br />[15:04] &lt;@anarcat&gt; awesome!<br />[15:04] == dunkoh [~dunkoh@MW-ESR1-72-49-37-45.fuse.net] has quit [Client Quit]<br />[15:04] &lt;@anarcat&gt; univate: please do! i understand you had good contributions there<br />[15:04]&nbsp; * sfyn raises his hand<br />[15:04] &lt;@anarcat&gt; in fact, if you want to help sethvincent by reviewing and merging his patches in, that&#039;s great<br />[15:04] &lt;@anarcat&gt; sfyn: go right ahead<br />[15:04] &lt;@anarcat&gt; i think seth was done<br />[15:04] == jerryitt [~jerry@ip-78-137-175-99.dsl.digiweb.ie] has joined #aegir<br />[15:05] &lt;+sethvincent&gt; cool. so far all the stuff i&#039;m working on is here: http://drupal.org/sandbox/seth.vincent/1140244<br />[15:05] &lt;+sfyn&gt; not much done, but I have started working on the servicesAPI imp from the hostmaster_plus module<br />[15:05] &lt;+sfyn&gt; Bit of a mess, but I am hosting that work on github for now<br />[15:05] &lt;+sfyn&gt; https://github.com/sfyn/hosting_services<br />[15:05] == AquaticDisorder [~AquaticDi@cpc2-chwo3-0-0-cust50.perr.cable.virginmedia.com] has joined #aegir<br />[15:05] &lt;+sfyn&gt; The big news - the module can now be installed<br />[15:05] &lt;@univate&gt; I have a couple a major projects that are planning to use aegir, so hoping to have a a bit more time focused on this<br />[15:05] &lt;@anarcat&gt; sethvincent: i see... the url linked from the gsoc page is wrong: http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/proposal/review/google/gsoc2011/sdv_3333/1#<br />[15:05] &lt;+sfyn&gt; I am waiting to hear back from cmcintosh - the original author - before publishing to d.org<br />[15:06] &lt;+sethvincent&gt; anarcat: oh! i&#039;ll fix that<br />[15:06] &lt;@anarcat&gt; sfyn: why isn&#039;t that on drupal.org?<br />[15:06] &lt;@anarcat&gt; oh nevermind :)<br />[15:06] &lt;@anarcat&gt; sfyn: i think you should go ahead and publish<br />[15:06] &lt;+sfyn&gt; I agree<br />[15:06] &lt;+sfyn&gt; if mr. mac doesn&#039;t get back to me by friday I will<br />[15:06] &lt;@anarcat&gt; ok<br />[15:07] &lt;@anarcat&gt; great<br />[15:07] &lt;+sfyn&gt; YOU HEAR THAT CMCINTOSH?<br />[15:07] &lt;@anarcat&gt; SFYN: I DON&#039;T THINK HE&#039;S HERE!<br />[15:07] &lt;@anarcat&gt; ;)<br />[15:07] &lt;@anarcat&gt; alright, enough yelling :)<br />[15:07] &lt;+sfyn&gt; maybe he will read the scrum log later<br />[15:07] == FatGuyLaughing [~FatGuyLau@65.64.83.127] has quit [Quit: FatGuyLaughing]<br />[15:07] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; my turn<br />[15:07] &lt;@anarcat&gt; sfyn, if you&#039;re done, i think we can move on to mig5 or darthsteven<br />[15:07] &lt;@anarcat&gt; alright :)<br />[15:07]&nbsp; * sfyn clams up<br />[15:08] &lt;@mig5&gt; nothing from me this week i&#039;m afraid<br />[15:08] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; so, this week I&#039;ve been reviewing a few issues and committing some of my patches to the 7.x branch and 6.x too<br />[15:08] &lt;@mig5&gt; i hear the distribution relesae node issue was fixed<br />[15:08] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; thinking about things to do with cron<br />[15:08] &lt;@anarcat&gt; darthsteven: cool<br />[15:08] &lt;@anarcat&gt; mig5: yes, at last!!!<br />[15:08] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; I&#039;m going to hit documentation hard over the next few weeks<br />[15:09] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; to live up to my &#039;documentation maintainer&#039; title :)<br />[15:09] &lt;@anarcat&gt; cool :)<br />[15:09] &lt;@anarcat&gt; that&#039;s great!<br />[15:09] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; I&#039;d also like to get api.aegirproject.org sorted out<br />[15:09] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; cause it&#039;s a bit of a mess at the moment<br />[15:09] &lt;@anarcat&gt; darthsteven: we should really move the api site to our aegir server, that would fix a lot of shit<br />[15:09] &lt;@anarcat&gt; yeah<br />[15:09] &lt;@anarcat&gt; ergonlogic was proposing we move to d7 too<br />[15:10] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; we can discuss in the issue...<br />[15:10] &lt;@anarcat&gt; yeah<br />[15:10] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; that&#039;s it from me<br />[15:10] == ipwa [~ipwa@190.222.35.202] has joined #aegir<br />[15:10] &lt;@anarcat&gt; alright<br />[15:10] &lt;@darthsteven&gt; anyone else?<br />[15:10] &lt;@anarcat&gt; mig5: anything to add?<br />[15:10] &lt;@mig5&gt; nope<br />[15:10] &lt;@anarcat&gt; otherwise i think we&#039;re kind of done here<br />[15:10] &lt;@anarcat&gt; thanks everyone for attending, and see you on the other side of 1.2 :)<br />[15:10] &lt;@anarcat&gt; oh<br />[15:10] &lt;+sfyn&gt; cya all next week<br />[15:10] &lt;@anarcat&gt; another thing<br />[15:11] &lt;@anarcat&gt; i am trying to remove aegir from ubuntu<br />[15:11] &lt;@anarcat&gt; because it currently ships with 0.3<br />[15:11] &lt;+sfyn&gt; oops<br />[15:11] &lt;@anarcat&gt; which is confusing some people<br />[15:11] &lt;@anarcat&gt; and is blocking the drush backport<br />[15:11] &lt;@anarcat&gt; but that seems to be hard<br />[15:12] &lt;@anarcat&gt; if anyone wants to help in the ubuntu effort, that would be apprecitated: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/aegir-provision/+bug/793567<br />[15:12] &lt;@anarcat&gt; and https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/drush/+bug/755169<br />[15:12] &lt;@anarcat&gt; so that&#039;s about it<br />[15:12] &lt;@anarcat&gt; thanks again everyone</code></div></p></div>    </div>
  
      <div class='node-links clear-block'><ul class="links inline"><li class="print first active"><a href="index-2.html?print" class="active">Print</a></li>
<li class="print_recurse active"><a href="index-3.html?print&amp;book_recurse" class="active">Print entire section</a></li>
<li class="talk_forbidden last"><span><a href="../../user/login/index-109.html?destination=node%2F669%23comment-form">Login</a> or <a href="../../user/register/index-109.html?destination=node%2F669%23comment-form">register</a> to post comments</span></li>
</ul></div>
  </div>


    </div>
      </div>
</body>


<!-- Mirrored from community.aegirproject.org/scrums/weekly-scrum-irc-log-2011-06-07?print&book_recurse by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Wed, 29 Jul 2015 15:35:53 GMT -->
</html>
