<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<!-- Mirrored from community.aegirproject.org/content/scrums/weekly-scrum-irc-log-2012-02-27?print&book_recurse by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Wed, 29 Jul 2015 15:36:33 GMT -->
<!-- Added by HTTrack --><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=utf-8" /><!-- /Added by HTTrack -->
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<link rel="prev" href="../weekly-scrum-irc-log-2012-02-20/index.html" />
<link rel="up" href="../../../scrums/index.html" />
<link rel="next" href="../weekly-scrum-irc-log-2012-03-05/index.html" />
<link rel="canonical" href="index.html" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../../sites/community.aegirproject.org/themes/up/favicon/index.ico" type="image/x-icon" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="print" href="../../../sites/community.aegirproject.org/files/css/css_5fa73dc3677977c016a597acd186e4e7/index.css" />
<link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="../../../sites/community.aegirproject.org/files/css/css_5fa73dc3677977c016a597acd186e4e7/index.css" />

  <title>Weekly Scrum IRC Log: 2012-02-27 | community.aegirproject.org</title>
</head>

<body  class="print rubik admin-static page">
  <div class='limiter clear-block'>
    <div id='content' class='clear-block'>
      <div class='print-header'>
      <h1 class='site-name'>community.aegirproject.org</h1>
  </div>
      

<div  id="node-1110" class="node node-book clear-block node-page">
  
      <h2 class='node-title'>
            <a href="index.html">Weekly Scrum IRC Log: 2012-02-27</a>
    </h2>
  
      <div class='node-content clear-block prose'>
      <div class='field terms clear-block'><span class='field-label-inline-first'>Tagged:</span> <ul class="links inline"><li class="taxonomy_term_7 first"><a href="../../../taxonomy/term/7/index.html" rel="tag" title="">scrum</a></li>
<li class="taxonomy_term_6 last"><a href="../../../taxonomy/term/6/index.html" rel="tag" title="">weekly scrums</a></li>
</ul></div><div id='diff-inline-1110'><p><div class="codeblock"><code>[07:00:23]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Scrum time?<br />[07:00:33]&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; yep<br />[07:01:30]&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; don&#039;t everyone go at once! :)<br />[07:01:37]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I can start<br />[07:01:45]&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; by all means<br />[07:02:07] &lt;anarcat&gt; alright<br />[07:02:08]&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; not much from me, I committed a few patches mainly from omega8cc for nginx stuff, and a couple other small bugs. figured i&#039;d get a few fixes in before 1.7<br />[07:02:17]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; scrum scrum scrum scrum scrumscrumscrum<br />[07:02:24]&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Awesome stuff<br />[07:02:26]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; go for it<br />[07:02:43]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; i have been working on building a integrated workflow using git / aegir tasks<br />[07:03:13]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; alright<br />[07:03:18]&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; for now it will only have support for git but hoping to have api in it for addition of other types of repos<br />[07:03:36]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; that&#039;s cool<br />[07:03:42] &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; yea<br />[07:03:48]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; alright, is that all?<br />[07:04:00]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * anarcat is <em>eager</em> to go (haha)<br />[07:04:04]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; i also may be submitting a patch to tasks / platforms module to fix the issues i have been seeing with adding custom tasks into platform<br />[07:04:11] &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; anarcat, go go go!<br />[07:04:14]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; alright<br />[07:04:16]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; i&#039;ve been testing file descriptors overflow all weekend<br />[07:04:24] &lt;darthsteven&gt; Hehe<br />[07:04:27] &lt;anarcat&gt; running simulations creating billions of file descriptors<br />[07:04:32]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; and just now, it failed<br />[07:04:33]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; Resource id #2147480111<br />[07:04:34]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; 105 fd: Resource id #-2147483648, restartingstarting almost infinite loop to overflow PHP resources (file descriptors), press enter to continue or control-c to abort<br />[07:04:40]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; so drum roll please<br />[07:04:49]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; we&#039;ll now see if pcntl_exec() fixes the shit<br />[07:04:49]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Nice<br />[07:04:58] &lt;anarcat&gt; (drum roll?)<br />[07:04:59] &lt;anarcat&gt; whatever<br />[07:05:00] &lt;anarcat&gt; 105 fd: Resource id #-2147483648, restartingstarting almost infinite loop to overflow PHP resources (file descriptors), press enter to continue or control-c to abort<br />[07:05:03]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; Resource id #111<br />[07:05:06] &lt;anarcat&gt; Resource id #10111<br />[07:05:08]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; so there you go<br />[07:05:11]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; it fixes the shit!<br />[07:05:21]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; the fix is to re-exec the daemon, the bug doesn&#039;t survive pcntl_exec()<br />[07:05:38]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; so i think we could just re-exec the daemon after N tasks OR x seconds<br />[07:05:42]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Isn&#039;t that what we do already?<br />[07:05:49]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; well, we do it after a timeout<br />[07:06:01]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; my guess is that for a serie of heavy tasks that isn&#039;t enough<br />[07:06:06]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Ah right<br />[07:06:10] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; so is this related to that <a href="http://drupal.org/node/1454316" title="http://drupal.org/node/1454316">http://drupal.org/node/1454316</a> ?<br />[07:06:11]&nbsp; &lt;hefring&gt; <a href="http://drupal.org/node/1454316" title="http://drupal.org/node/1454316">http://drupal.org/node/1454316</a> =&gt; Provision recurses infinitely on reading in context =&gt; Provision, Code, normal, active, 6 comments, 1 IRC mention<br />[07:06:12]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; say like 20 migrates<br />[07:06:15] &lt;anarcat&gt; mig5: no<br />[07:06:18] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ok<br />[07:06:20]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; it&#039;s in the hosting_queue_runner<br />[07:06:25]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; oh right<br />[07:06:28] &lt;anarcat&gt; alright, so that was my crazy shit<br />[07:06:32]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; i want to release 1.7 soonish<br />[07:06:36]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; i am not sure i&#039;ll have time this week<br />[07:06:41]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; and besides we should wait for 6.25<br />[07:06:46]&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; yep<br />[07:06:50]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; ah<br />[07:06:53]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; which is not far away thanks to that #drupalwtf<br />[07:07:01]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; and i want to introduce omega8cc as a new core committer<br />[07:07:18] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +1, we endlessly spoke of it but never did it :)<br />[07:07:25] &lt;anarcat&gt; we have already discussed this in the past, but i talked with omega8cc and we agreed that we could give commit access with the understanding that it is limited to nginx stuff<br />[07:07:26]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Cool<br />[07:07:31] &lt;anarcat&gt; which we can&#039;t really review anyways<br />[07:07:33]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; i would prefer not to blindly commit patches with my current migression rate<br />[07:07:46] &lt;anarcat&gt; omega8cc: see? mig5 is just like you :P<br />[07:07:48]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; so<br />[07:07:54]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;omega8cc&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :)<br />[07:07:55]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; omega8cc: welcome in the team, and congratulations<br />[07:08:06]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; i think that&#039;s it for me, i can take care of christening the commit access<br />[07:08:07]&nbsp; &lt;omega8cc&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you! :)<br />[07:08:24]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; next!<br />[07:08:39]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; omega8cc: Do you want to go next?<br />[07:09:07]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; omega8cc: your account is omega8cc on d.o?<br />[07:09:08]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;omega8cc&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; darthsteven: thanks, I will be last<br />[07:09:12]&nbsp; &lt;omega8cc&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; yes<br />[07:09:26]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; omega8cc: you now have access to provision<br />[07:09:32]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Okay, mig5 were you done?<br />[07:09:57]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; omega8cc: you now have access to hostmaster<br />[07:10:04]&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; darthsteven: yep<br />[07:10:19] &lt;darthsteven&gt; I&#039;ll go next then<br />[07:10:22]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; :)<br />[07:10:35]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Right, I had a slightly busy weekend<br />[07:10:46] &lt;anarcat&gt; while i&#039;m here, i removed tbosviel and univate from the maintainers ACL, as we haven&#039;t seen them forever<br />[07:11:07]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; sure<br />[07:11:11] &lt;darthsteven&gt; And I&#039;ve pushed forward the D7 rewrite<br />[07:11:29]&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Note that I&#039;m calling it a rewrite and not a port<br />[07:11:45]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; awesome. I tried to drum up a bit of interest on twitter re: that<br />[07:11:48]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; There&#039;s just too much baggage and D7 really does change the way that you build sites<br />[07:12:22]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; There&#039;s quite a bit of discussion around entities vs. nodes already<br />[07:12:27] &lt;anarcat&gt; fair enough<br />[07:12:35]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; yeah, that&#039;s really interesting! i joined in there too<br />[07:12:49]&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; And so I want to facilitate that going forward, and reach consensus over the next few weeks<br />[07:12:52]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; i don&#039;t have strong opinions on the matter, as i am not familiar enough with d7, but i&#039;m happy to see the talks move ahead<br />[07:12:59] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; likewise ^^<br />[07:13:17]&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; i think entities would be great<br />[07:13:23]&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; I&#039;m targeting Drupalcon Europe for the release<br />[07:13:30]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; sweet<br />[07:13:31]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks for leading this darthsteven, it feels like it&#039;s got fresh air pumped into it again :)<br />[07:13:33]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; that would be awesome<br />[07:13:40]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; let me know i am getting some paid time for aegir dev and may be able to swing some time towards d7<br />[07:13:42]&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; So 6 or 18 months :p<br />[07:13:49] &lt;anarcat&gt; cmcintosh: that would be great<br />[07:13:52]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; haha<br />[07:14:03] &lt;darthsteven&gt; cmcintosh: That would be awesome<br />[07:14:10] &lt;anarcat&gt; darthsteven: oh and that would fit well with the offers for sponsorship for the subdir support<br />[07:14:13]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; did you guys see that?<br />[07:14:35]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; plus i need to sit down and upgrade aegir services for 3.x<br />[07:14:44]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; anarcat: As you say in the issue, there needs to be community consensus on the rewrite, as otherwise no one will want to maintain it<br />[07:15:11] &lt;darthsteven&gt; cmcintosh: Hopefully, in D7 services integration will be so much easier<br />[07:15:24]&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Thats it from me I think<br />[07:15:33] &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; sounds awesome<br />[07:15:35]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Would happily chat nodes vs entities at some point<br />[07:15:45]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; (at a pub at the moment)<br />[07:15:45] &lt;anarcat&gt; darthsteven: well, my point is more that the person that will do the upgrade should have the final say<br />[07:15:52]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; as i expect it will be you :P<br />[07:16:00]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; darthsteven, you got any code snipets for adding tasks to platforms on d6, would be great to review to see if im doing things right here<br />[07:16:37] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; cmcintosh: did you give an aegir talk at Sandcamp last month?<br />[07:16:40]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; cmcintosh: I think it was the Drupal gardens importer, which is on d.o somewhere<br />[07:16:53] &lt;anarcat&gt; so i wanted to add this http://drupal.org/node/705026#comment-5655840<br />[07:16:54]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;hefring&gt; <a href="http://drupal.org/node/705026" title="http://drupal.org/node/705026">http://drupal.org/node/705026</a> =&gt; Allow creation of mysite.com/site1 and mysite.com/site2 type of sites =&gt; Hostmaster (Aegir), Code, major, needs work, 29 comments, 1 IRC mention<br />[07:17:05]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; it looks like we have people interested in sponsoring proper subdir support implementations<br />[07:17:10]&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; no i was going to but didnt make it<br />[07:17:13]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; and that would fit well with darthsteven&#039;s timeline for d7<br />[07:17:41]&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; anarcat: If you could get the backend able to do that, I could get a frontend ship shape to drive it<br />[07:17:48] &lt;anarcat&gt; that would be awesome<br />[07:18:05]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; i have zero cycles now, esp. since i am looking at 1.7 and sites dir improvements<br />[07:18:09]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; how would we do it.. with &#039;Alias&#039; in vhosts or something?<br />[07:18:12]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; but it&#039;s certainly something we need<br />[07:18:13]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Though I have some ideas of how it could work in the backend too :)<br />[07:18:14]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; mig5: yeah.<br />[07:18:23]&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; i think that&#039;s the best idea so far<br />[07:18:25] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; i can&#039;t fathom how we&#039;ll be able to do migrations of sites, e.g if they are sharing the one vhost ServerName<br />[07:18:33]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; but need to be on separate platforms<br />[07:18:40] &lt;anarcat&gt; aliases do that<br />[07:18:40]&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; i guess we&#039;d have to just maintain the individual Alias somehow<br />[07:18:43] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah<br />[07:18:44] &lt;anarcat&gt; yeah<br />[07:18:56] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; anyway - i think this is falling outside scrum, shall we tie it off?<br />[07:18:59] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; anything to add ergonlogic ?<br />[07:19:01] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; oh!<br />[07:19:02]&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; omega8cc! :)<br />[07:19:08] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; don&#039;t think you&#039;ve had your turn<br />[07:19:08]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; yeah!<br />[07:19:17]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;omega8cc&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I will take this opportunity and will finally sync Nginx stuff between BOA fork and our upstream in the next 2-3 days, but it will require a small flood of Nginx related patches. So we should have nicely polished Nginx config before 1.7 release.<br />[07:19:31]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;ergonlogic&gt;&nbsp; oops, sorry &#039;bout that<br />[07:19:39]&nbsp; &lt;omega8cc&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks for the commit access!<br />[07:19:47]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; we forgot to make sure you <em>wanted</em> it! :)<br />[07:19:48]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;omega8cc&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I will do my best<br />[07:20:07]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; mig5: i <em>did</em> ask before the scrum :)<br />[07:20:13]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;anarcat&gt; mig5: which was the key bit we were missing :)<br />[07:20:17]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; oh good<br />[07:20:19]&nbsp; &lt;omega8cc&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; yes :)<br />[07:20:23]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &#039;they forced me into core dev&#039; <em>sniff</em><br />[07:20:28] &lt;anarcat&gt; haha<br />[07:20:30] &lt;omega8cc&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; haha<br />[07:21:20] &lt;ergonlogic&gt;&nbsp; for my part, I&#039;m planning on a beta release of aegir-up this week, and to start migrating hostmaster.profile to the Profiler library<br />[07:21:24]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;ergonlogic&gt;&nbsp; that&#039;s it<br />[07:21:35]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;ergonlogic&gt;&nbsp; sorry for missing it :-/<br />[07:21:41] &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; great stuff. will the hostmaster profile rewrite be for 6.x-2.x or just the 7.x port?<br />[07:21:46]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; darthsteven, can you get me a link to the dl for that module<br />[07:21:53] &lt;cmcintosh&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp; doesnt seem to be anything in the repo on d.o<br />[07:22:42]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; cmcintosh: http://drupal.org/sandbox/darthsteven/1178192<br />[07:22:57] &lt;ergonlogic&gt;&nbsp; both 6.x and 7.x, I figure<br />[07:23:14]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; cmcintosh: http://drupalcode.org/sandbox/darthsteven/1178192.git/tree/refs/heads/6....<br />[07:23:26]&nbsp;&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; alright I think we&#039;ll call that a scrum<br />[07:23:32] &lt;darthsteven&gt; Yup<br />[07:23:33]&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#039;ll do a fresh Aegir Newsletter today I think<br />[07:23:36]&nbsp; &lt;darthsteven&gt; Thanks guys<br />[07:23:38]&nbsp; &lt;mig5&gt;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks all</code></div></p></div>    </div>
  
      <div class='node-links clear-block'><ul class="links inline"><li class="print first active"><a href="index-2.html?print" class="active">Print</a></li>
<li class="print_recurse active"><a href="index-3.html?print&amp;book_recurse" class="active">Print entire section</a></li>
<li class="talk_forbidden last"><span><a href="../../../user/login/index-130.html?destination=node%2F1110%23comment-form">Login</a> or <a href="../../../user/register/index-130.html?destination=node%2F1110%23comment-form">register</a> to post comments</span></li>
</ul></div>
  </div>


    </div>
      </div>
</body>


<!-- Mirrored from community.aegirproject.org/content/scrums/weekly-scrum-irc-log-2012-02-27?print&book_recurse by HTTrack Website Copier/3.x [XR&CO'2014], Wed, 29 Jul 2015 15:36:33 GMT -->
</html>
